chore: update log progress on network migrations (#12732)
filecoin-project/lotus: CHANGELOG.md

- Add json output of tipsets to `louts chain list`. ([filecoin-project/lotus#12691](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12691))
- Remove IPNI advertisement relay over pubsub via Lotus node as it now has been deprecated. ([filecoin-project/lotus#12768](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12768)

> - Add `LOTUS_MIGRATE_PROGRESS_LOG_SECONDS` environment variable to control the log period of the migration progress. ([filecoin-project/lotus#12732](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12732))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- During a network upgrade, log migration progress every 2 seconds so they are more helpful and informative. The `LOTUS_MIGRATE_PROGRESS_LOG_SECONDS` environment variable can be used to change this if needed. ([filecoin-project/lotus#12732](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12732))
```
